Wow, so handsome.
Wow, I feel more handsome.
What an underground lover, it's a good match
Yes
Not a lover, is it a lover?
You love brain
Look look look
Mr. Ba's mother happened
This is not to admit that the vice president and s
Does a female artist matter?
Hmm
I don't understand. Just for fun.
Or the kind of S-shaped female artist who posted upside down
It's very rare today that our vice president can be there in person
Mr. Feng can explain that he wants us to take more care of him
Well, Vice President, let me ask for the majority of netizens.
The sex actress rumored on the Internet has a very close relationship with you.
Is that true? Oh.
I only have ordinary friends around me at the moment
Thanks.
Ah!
OK
I only have ordinary friends around me at the moment
Thanks.
Everyone, come and deny it
It's exactly as his mother said
I don't admit to being a mother at all
The elders have come forward, don't even think about entering the wealthy family now
Logistics
Brother, you really broke up with Sheng Nuan
What nonsense are you talking about?
Then why did mom send that Weibo?
Vice President, the online wind is not very good right now
Messages from the rich
Our PR department has stepped in
Miss Ke Sheng has sent a Weibo response.
So I just served in front of the media
I'm okay with anything
It just happened to be my mother's speech
Wei Chongming Road
OK